Add button platform to Husqvarna Automower (#33307)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/husqvarna_automower.markdown

- Returning to dock  
  *The mower is on its way home to the charging station.*

### Button (if available)

> The integration will create a button entity for confirming minor mower errors. This entity is disabled by default; you have to enable it manually. The API can't detect if the mower has the capability to confirm minor errors remotely. Before enabling this function, refer to the mower documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration will create a button entity for confirming minor mower errors. This entity is disabled by default. You have to enable it manually. The API can't detect if the mower has the capability to confirm minor errors remotely. Before enabling this function, refer to the mower documentation.
```

- Returning to dock  
  *The mower is on its way home to the charging station.*

### Button (if available)

> The integration will create a button entity for confirming minor errors of the mower. This entity is disabled by default. You have to enable it manually. It can't be detected with the API if the mower has the capability to confirm minor errors remotely. Before enabling this function, refer to the mower documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration will create a button entity for confirming minor mower errors. This entity is disabled by default; you have to enable it manually. The API can't detect if the mower has the capability to confirm minor errors remotely. Before enabling this function, refer to the mower documentation.

```
